Clarify how to go about assessing or trialing a new technology (#4)
ovotech/ovo-com-tech-radar: README.md

# OVO.com Technology Radar

> The OVO.com Technology Radar is a living document that attempts to capture and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OVO.com Technology Radar is a living document that captures and
```

> give a high-level overview of our technology landscape.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
provides a high-level overview of our technology landscape.
```
